Oracle Free Use Terms and Conditions

Definitions

"Oracle" refers to Oracle America, Inc. "You" and "Your" refers to (a)
a company or organization (each an "Entity") accessing the Programs,
if use of the Programs will be on behalf of such Entity; or (b) an
individual accessing the Programs, if use of the Programs will not be
on behalf of an Entity. "Program(s)" refers to Oracle software
provided by Oracle pursuant to the following terms and any updates,
error corrections, and/or Program Documentation provided by
Oracle. "Program Documentation" refers to Program user manuals and
Program installation manuals, if any. If available, Program
Documentation may be delivered with the Programs and/or may be
accessed from www.oracle.com/documentation. "Separate Terms" refers to
separate license terms that are specified in the Program
Documentation, readmes or notice files and that apply to Separately
Licensed Technology. "Separately Licensed Technology" refers to Oracle
or third party technology that is licensed under Separate Terms and
not under the terms of this license.

Separately Licensed Technology

Oracle may provide certain notices to You in Program Documentation,
readmes or notice files in connection with Oracle or third party
technology provided as or with the Programs. If specified in the
Program Documentation, readmes or notice files, such technology will
be licensed to You under Separate Terms. Your rights to use Separately
Licensed Technology under Separate Terms are not restricted in any way
by the terms herein. For clarity, notwithstanding the existence of a
notice, third party technology that is not Separately Licensed
Technology shall be deemed part of the Programs licensed to You under
the terms of this license.

Source Code for Open Source Software

For software that You receive from Oracle in binary form that is
licensed under an open source license that gives You the right to
receive the source code for that binary, You can obtain a copy of the
applicable source code from https://oss.oracle.com/sources/ or
http://www.oracle.com/goto/opensourcecode. If the source code for such
software was not provided to You with the binary, You can also receive
a copy of the source code on physical media by submitting a written
request pursuant to the instructions in the "Written Offer for Source
Code" section of the latter website.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following license terms apply to those Programs that are not
provided to You under Separate Terms.

License Rights and Restrictions

Oracle grants to You, as a recipient of this Program, a nonexclusive,
nontransferable, limited license to, subject to the conditions stated
herein, (a) internally use the unmodified Programs for the purposes of
developing, testing, prototyping and demonstrating your applications,
and running the Programs for your own internal business operations;
and (b) redistribute unmodified Programs and Programs Documentation,
under the terms of this License, provided that You do not charge Your
end users any additional fees for the use of the Programs. You may
make copies of the Programs to the extent reasonably necessary for
exercising the license rights granted herein and for backup
purposes. You are granted the right to use the Programs to provide
third party training in the use of the Programs and associated
Separately Licensed Technology only if there is express authorization
of such use by Oracle on the Program's download page or in the Program
Documentation.

Your license is contingent on Your compliance with the following conditions:

    - You include a copy of this license with any distribution by You
      of the Programs;

    - You do not remove markings or notices of either Oracle's or a
      licensor's proprietary rights from the Programs or Program
      Documentation;

    - You comply with all U.S. and applicable export control and
      economic sanctions laws and regulations that govern Your use of
      the Programs (including technical data);

    - You do not cause or permit reverse engineering, disassembly or
      decompilation of the Programs (except as allowed by law) by You
      nor allow an associated party to do so.

For clarity, any source code that may be included in the distribution
with the Programs is provided solely for reference purposes and may
not be modified, unless such source code is under Separate Terms
permitting modification.

Ownership

Oracle or its licensors retain all ownership and intellectual property
rights to the Programs.

Information Collection

The Programs' installation and/or auto-update processes, if any, may
transmit a limited amount of data to Oracle or its service provider
about those processes to help Oracle understand and optimize
them. Oracle does not associate the data with personally identifiable
information. Refer to Oracle's Privacy Policy at
www.oracle.com/privacy.

Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability

THE PROGRAMS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ORACLE
FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WILL ORACLE BE LIABLE TO
YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

Last updated:  8 October 2018

===============================================================================

Oracle Instant Client ODBC
--------------------------

Oracle Instant Client ODBC for Windows systems complies with ODBC 3.52
specifications. It is based on the features of Oracle client, without the need
for a traditional ORACLE_HOME installation.

Pre-requisite:
-------------
Instant Client ODBC depends on the Oracle Instant Client Basic or Basic Light
package from OTN. For details on installing the Oracle Instant Client Basic or
Basic Light packages, refer to the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide.

Installing Instant Client ODBC
------------------------------
1. Install the Instant Client Basic or Basic Light.
   Download Instant Client Basic or Basic Light package from OTN and unzip it
   into the designated directory (e.g. C:\oracle\product). Once the package is
   unzipped, a new directory with name instantclient_XX_Y (where XX refers the
   major version and Y refers the minor version of Instant Client) is created
   under the designated directory (e.g C:\oracle\product\instantclient_XX_Y).
   Under this new directory, all the libraries and files related to Instant
   Client are stored.

   Note: 
   The Instant Client Basic Light doesn't support non-ASCII characterset. So
   the Japanese version of Oracle ODBC driver can be installed only with
   Instant Client Basic package.
   

2. Now unzip the downloaded Instant Client ODBC from the same designated
   directory where the basic or basic light was unzipped.

   Instant Client ODBC package has the following files/shared libraries under
   the Instant Client directory (instantclient_XX_Y):
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   |      File name           |        Description                            |
   |--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   |                          |                                               |
   | sqora32.dll              | Oracle ODBC driver DLL                        |
   |                          |                                               |
   | sqoras32.dll             | Oracle ODBC driver setup DLL                  |
   |                          |                                               |
   | sqresus.dll              | Oracle ODBC driver resource DLL               |
   |                          |                                               |
   | ODBC_README              | (this file)                                   |
   |                          |                                               |
   | odbc_install.exe         | Oracle Instant Client ODBC driver installer   |
   |                          |                                               |
   | odbc_uninstall.exe       | Oracle Instant Client ODBC driver uninstaller |
   |                          |                                               |
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Execute odbc_install.exe to install the Oracle ODBC driver from the Instant
   Client directory.

   Usage: odbc_install.exe [JA]
   - The odbc_install.exe installs the English version of Oracle ODBC driver by
     default. When it is started with  optional argument JA, then it will
     install the Japanese version of Oracle ODBC driver.

     For e.g.:
       C:\oracle\product\instantclient_XX_Y> odbc_install.exe - installs the
       English version of Oracle ODBC driver.

       C:\oracle\product\instantclient_XX_Y> odbc_install.exe JA - will install
       the Japanese version of Oracle ODBC driver.

   - It should be started with Administrator privilege in order to install the
     Oracle ODBC driver successfully.
   - The installer will include the Instant Client directory name as part of
     the driver name while registering the Oracle ODBC driver in ODBC Driver
     Manager on Windows.
     For e.g.: Driver name will be "Oracle in instantclient_XX_Y" if it is
     installed from C:\oracle\product\instantclient_XX_Y.
   - It is mandatory to have the Instant Client Basic or Basic Light binaries
     in the current (Instant Client) directory, to install the Oracle ODBC
     driver successfully.

Uninstalling Instant Client ODBC
--------------------------------
1. Execute odbc_uninstall.exe to uninstall the Oracle ODBC driver which is
   installed from Oracle Instant Client home. This will uninstall the Oracle
   ODBC driver from Windows ODBC Driver manager.

2. Delete all files and sub directories under Instant Client directory to remove
   the Instant Client ODBC completely.
